PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH!
LOOKING
FOR SOMEONE?
Joey: LET'S DO THIS!
SO I PLAY
RECKLESS PARASITE,
WHICH BRINGS THE PARASITE
IN YOUR DECK TO LIFE!
BUT HOW'D HE GET
THAT PARASITE CARD
IN MY DECK?
THAT KID MUST'VE BEEN
WORKING FOR WEEVIL!
I BET HE SLIPPED IT IN!
I ACTIVATE
INSECT BARRIER!
IT PROTECTS ME BY REPELLING
ALL INSECT ATTACKS!
AH, I CAN'T ATTACK!
ULTIMATE GREAT MOTH!
ERUPT FROM YOUR COCOON
AND REVEAL
YOUR SUPREME POWER!
BEHOLD YOUR FINAL
DESTRUCTION!
HA HA HA!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH IS
KING OF GAMES ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪♪
Weevil:
YOUR PARASITE-INFECTED
MONSTERS
STILL CAN'T ATTACK ME!
WELL, IT'S NOT
OVER YET!
GIVE IT UP, WHEELER!
NOW THAT MY ULTIMATE
GREAT MOTH HAS EMERGED,
YOU'RE AS GOOD
AS SQUASHED,
AND YOUR TWO
LOCATOR CARDS ARE MINE!
YOU WISH.
ZAP THAT
BIG BUG, JOEY!
STAY FOCUSED!
YOU'LL BE SAYING GOOD-BYE
TO BATTLE CITY
IN NO TIME, WHEELER!
WHATEVER.
PREPARE TO WITNESS
THE DEVASTATING POWER
OF MY GREAT MOTH!
DESTROY HIS
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD NOW!
UNH! UHH!
COME ON! YOU MUST HAVE
SOME KIND OF GIANT FLY SWATTER
OR SOMETHING
IN YOUR DECK.
WHAT ARE YOU,
HIS POM-POM GIRL?
DON'T MAKE ME
COME OVER THERE!
LOOK. THANKS
TO THE PARASITE
LIVING OFF HIS SIDE
OF THE FIELD,
ALL OF WHEELER'S CARDS
ARE NOW INSECTS,
ALLOWING MY INSECT BARRIER
TO BLOCK EVERY ONE
OF THEIR ATTACKS!
BESIDES, ONLY GATE GUARDIAN
AND THE BLUE-EYES
ULTIMATE DRAGON
HAVE ENOUGH ATTACK POINTS
TO DEFEAT MY GREAT MOTH,
AND I DOUBT YOU
HAVE EITHER OF THEM
IN YOUR PATHETIC DECK!
[GRUNTS]
UH-OH.
IT DOESN'T LOOK
TOO GOOD FOR JOEY.
THE GREAT MOTH
IS JUST TOO TOUGH.
MAYBE WE SHOULD
JUST LOG OFF-LINE NOW.
NO WAY, KENTA.
JOEY'S GONNA WIN,
AND WE'RE NOT
GIVING UP ON HIM.
HOW CAN YOU
BE SO SURE?
HIS LIFE POINTS
KEEP GETTING LOWER.
JOEY HASN'T BEEN
ABLE TO ATTACK,
AND THIS MONSTER
SEEMS UNBEATABLE.
MAYBE THE BEST MOVE IS TO
JUST RUN AWAY AND HIDE.
YOU MEAN, KIND OF
LIKE YOU DID TODAY?
[SIGHS]
I GUESS.
SOME THINGS ARE
JUST REALLY SCARY,
ESPECIALLY
WHEN YOU HAVE TO
DO THEM ALL ALONE.
AND I DON'T WANT
MY X-RAY TAKEN,
SO I'M GONNA
STAY IN HERE.
Thinking: HOW AM I
EVER GONNA CRUSH
WEEVIL'S GREAT MOTH?
THAT THING'S TOO STRONG,
AND NONE OF MY MONSTERS
CAN ATTACK ANYWAY.
COME ON, DECK.
SHOW ME SOME LOVE!
HA!
YES! JUST THE CARD
I NEEDED, BABY!
LOOK OUT, YOU LITTLE VERMIN.
JOEY'S GOT A PLAN!
Joey:
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND SWITCH
ALL MY MONSTER CARDS
TO ATTACK MODE.
DID I
HEAR JOEY RIGHT?
HOW CAN JOEY
ATTACK WEEVIL'S MOTH
WHEN HIS MONSTERS
ARE WEAKER?
THE PRESSURE'S
FINALLY GOTTEN TO HIM!
HE'S CRACKING UP!
Grandpa: UNLESS HE'S
DOING WHAT I THINK HE IS.
BRING IT ON!
YOU GOT IT!
[CHUCKLING]
YEAH.
I DOUBT THAT A FOOL LIKE YOU
COULD HAVE ANYTHING
SNEAKY PLANNED,
BUT JUST IN CASE,
I'LL PLACE THIS MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NOW, YOU REMEMBER
LEGHUL, DON'T YOU?
[LAUGHING]
PERHAPS I SHOULD
REFRESH YOUR MEMORY!
LEGHUL!
BYPASS HIS MONSTERS
AND ATTACK
HIS LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
AHH! UNH!
GET UP, JOEY!
[GRUNTS]
NOW, SINCE YOU PUT
YOUR PARASITE CARD
IN ATTACK MODE
AND IT'S TECHNICALLY
YOUR WEAKEST MONSTER
ON THE FIELD,
I'M GOING TO ATTACK IT,
WHICH WILL KNOCK
YOUR LIFE POINTS
DOWN TO ZERO!
FINISH HIM OFF,
MY GREAT MOTH!
NICE TRY, BUG BRAIN!
REVEAL SKULL DICE!
THIS CARD WILL REDUCE
YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POWER,
DEPENDING ON
THE ROLL OF THE DIE.
SO, THE HIGHER
THE NUMBER,
THE WEAKER YOUR MOTH GETS!
[GASPS]
[GRUNTS]
WHAT!? A TWO?!
OH, WELL, IT STILL
CUTS THE ATTACK POINTS
OF YOUR OVERSIZED
PEST IN HALF!
THAT WAS A SAD ATTEMPT
TO SURVIVE, WHEELER.
MY MOTH CAN STILL BLOW
YOUR PARASITE TO PIECES!
DON'T COUNT ON IT.
I'LL REVEAL MY OTHER
FACEDOWN CARD!
THE MAGIC CARD,
GRACEFUL DICE...
PART TWO OF MY INGENIOUS
MASTER PLAN!
THE HIGHER I ROLL,
THE STRONGER
MY PARASITE MONSTER
WILL BECOME,
YOU LITTLE TERMITE!
BET YOU'RE SORRY
YOU SNUCK THAT
INTO MY DECK NOW, HUH?
UHH! IT CAN'T BE!
I NEED A 4 OR HIGHER
TO SWAT YOUR MOTH.
ALL RIGHT!
PARASITE PARACIDE'S
ATTACK POINTS
MULTIPLY BY 4
TO 2,000!
AH! I CAN'T WATCH!
SAY BUH-BYE
TO YOUR BUG!
AAH!
UP HIGH!
I KNEW JOEY
COULD DO IT!
GREAT DUELING!
Kenta: WHOA!
HEY! CHECK IT OUT!
SERENITY,
JOEY JUST CRUSHED
WEEVIL'S GREAT MOTH,
AND HE USED THE CARD
WEEVIL SNUCK INTO
HIS DECK TO DO IT!
THAT'S RIGHT, WEEVIL.
JOEY'S BACK.
MY MOTH! MY PRECIOUS,
PRECIOUS, GREAT MOTH!
YOU'VE SQUASHED IT
LIKE A COMMON FLY!
[GROWLING]
YOU'LL PAY!
THIS DUEL ISN'T OVER YET,
WHEELER, NOT BY A MILE!
HA! BRING IT ON,
WEEVIL!
I'LL EXTERMINATE ALL
YOUR LITTLE CRITTERS.
YOU WON THAT ROUND.
BUT MY NEXT SURPRISE
WILL WIN ME THE DUEL
AND SEND YOU PACKING.
HA, WE'LL JUST SEE
ABOUT THAT, WEEVIL.
YES, WE WILL. HA!
FIRST, I'LL PLAY THIS!
TA-DA!
MY INSECT SOLDIERS
OF THE SKY!
NEXT COMES A MAGIC CARD!
ERADICATING AEROSOL!
THIS CARD HAS
THE POWER TO DESTROY
ANY INSECT CARD
ON THE FIELD.
AND SINCE ALL OF YOUR
PARASITE-INFECTED MONSTERS
ARE STILL INSECTS,
I COULD TAKE
ONE OF THEM OUT,
BUT I'VE GOT BIGGER PLANS.
SO, I PLAY PINCH HOPPER!
AND NOW, I CAN
DESTROY MY OWN INSECT!
WHAT GIVES?
ONCE PINCH HOPPER
GOES TO THE GRAVEYARD,
WEEVIL CAN SUMMON
ANY MONSTER
FROM HIS HAND!
ANY MONSTER?!
YES! ERADICATING AEROSOL, NOW!
DESTROY MY
PINCH HOPPER!
[LAUGHS]
NOW I CAN SUMMON A CREATURE
WHOSE ATTACK POWER
IS VIRTUALLY LIMITLESS!
HA HA!
INSECT QUEEN!
SHE'S MY RAREST CARD,
AND IF PLAYED THE RIGHT WAY,
IS TOTALLY UNSTOPPABLE!
PREPARE TO LOSE
IT ALL, WHEELER!
YOU MAY HAVE DEFEATED
MY GREAT MOTH,
BUT MY QUEEN WILL TROUNCE
YOUR PUNY DEFENSE
AND WIPE OUT
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
NOW, YOU WILL FACE A POWER
LIKE NO OTHER!
[SHRIEKS]
SAY GOOD-BYE
TO BATTLE CITY!
IF YOU THINK MY INSECT QUEEN
IS POWERFUL NOW,
JUST WAIT UNTIL YOU
SEE HER SPECIAL FUNCTION!
SHE ABSORBS THE ATTACK POINTS
OF EVERY INSECT ON THE FIELD!
IT'S STILL GOT
LESS THAN YOUR MOTH,
AND I CREAMED
THAT THING.
YOU WEREN'T LISTENING.
SHE ABSORBS THE POINTS
OF EVERY INSECT,
YOURS INCLUDED!
MINE? THAT'S RIGHT!
MY MONSTERS ARE STILL
CONSIDERED INSECTS
BECAUSE OF THAT
STINKING PARASITE!
EXACTLY! NOW ABSORB
THEIR POWER, MY QUEEN.
THAT'S A THOUSAND
MORE ATTACK POINTS!
COME ON!
OH, NO!
JOEY!
REMEMBER, INSECT CARDS
CAN BE EXTREMELY TRICKY
AND TO BATTLE
AN INSECT DUELIST,
YOU HAVE TO THINK
LIKE AN INSECT DUELIST!
YOU DESTROYED
HIS GREAT MOTH,
AND YOU CAN DESTROY
HIS INSECT QUEEN!
[LAUGHING]
Kenta: UH-OH.
NOW, JOEY'S UP
AGAINST A MONSTER
THAT'S EVEN STRONGER
THAN THE GREAT MOTH.
IT COULD BE OVER.
HOW CAN HE FACE
THAT THING ALL ALONE?
IT'S TOO POWERFUL.
JOEY ISN'T ALONE,
KENTA.
HE KNOWS I'M ALWAYS
THERE WITH HIM.
AND IF I NEED HELP,
I KNOW MY BROTHER'S
ALWAYS THERE FOR ME.
WHEN I WAS SCARED
TO GET MY OPERATION,
HE GAVE ME THE STRENGTH
I NEEDED TO GO THROUGH WITH IT.
HE'S MORE THAN MY BROTHER.
JOEY'S MY FRIEND,
AND WE'RE THERE
TO SUPPORT EACH OTHER,
NO MATTER WHAT.
SO, EVEN THOUGH I'M NOT
NEXT TO HIM RIGHT NOW,
HE KNOWS I BELIEVE IN HIM,
AND OUR BOND OF FRIENDSHIP
WILL ALWAYS BE THERE.
HEY, WILL YOU
BE MY FRIEND?
SURE.
THANKS.
SO, IF YOU EVER
GET FRIGHTENED,
I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU.
BUT, RIGHT NOW, JOEY
NEEDS BOTH OF OUR HELP.
SO, LET'S CHEER HIM ON!
AND NOW, I GIVE MY QUEEN
ANOTHER POWER BOOST!
I SACRIFICE LEGHUL!
[SHRIEKS]
THE MORE SHE FEEDS,
THE MORE POWERFUL
SHE BECOMES.
NOW, THAT'S JUST
DISGUSTING.
EWW!
INSECT QUEEN, ATTACK!
ANNIHILATE
HIS TINY GUARDIAN!
HA-HA, NOW YOUR MONSTER
IS... BUG JUICE!
AND YOU LOST SOME
SERIOUS LIFE POINTS.
AND IT GETS BETTER.
WITH EVERY MONSTER
MY QUEEN DESTROYS,
SHE LAYS AN EGG!
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
THESE EGGS LET HER KEEP
THE EXTRA ATTACK POINTS
EVEN AFTER
THE MONSTER'S DESTROYED.
[LAUGHS]
PLUS, WHEN THESE
EGGS HATCH,
I'LL HAVE
AN ENTIRE INSECT ARMY!
Thinking:
I GOTTA SCRAMBLE THOSE EGGS
BEFORE ANY MUNCHKIN MONSTERS
HATCH!
THEY'LL BE ON ME
LIKE A SWARM OF KILLER BEES!
BUT AS LONG AS WEEVIL'S
INSECT BARRIER'S IN EFFECT,
I CAN'T ATTACK!
EVEN IF I DO SUMMON A MONSTER,
THAT PARASITE CARD
WILL TURN IT INTO A BUG,
AND THEN HIS INSECT QUEEN
WILL ABSORB ITS ATTACK POINTS
AND GET STRONGER.
THERE'S GOTTA BE A WAY
OUT OF THIS.
HERE GOES NOTHING.
HMM.
I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN ON THE FIELD
AND END MY TURN.
[CHUCKLES]
JOEY, YOU
FORGOT TO SWITCH
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
BACK INTO DEFENSE MODE!
HUH?!
TOUGH LUCK.
NOW THERE'S NOTHING
DEFENDING
YOUR LIFE POINTS
AGAINST MY ATTACKS!
[GROANS]
TIME TO FINISH
YOU OFF, WHEELER!
HMM.
OH, NO! IF JOEY'S
ATTACKED NOW,
HIS LIFE POINTS
WILL DROP TO ZERO!
HA! SO LONG, WHEELER.
I SUMMON
COCKROACH KNIGHT
TO FEED MY QUEEN!
AND WHENEVER MY COCKROACH
IS DESTROYED,
IT RETURNS
TO THE TOP OF MY DECK.
SO, I CAN KEEP
SACRIFICING IT
TO INCREASE
MY QUEEN'S STRENGTH.
AND NOW, MY INSECT QUEEN,
DESTROY HIS PANTHER,
THEN KNOCK HIM OUT OF
THE TOURNAMENT FOR GOOD!
NOW, INSECT QUEEN, ATTACK!
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE HISTORY.
DON'T BE SO SURE,
WEEVIL.
HUH?!
LET'S SEE IF YOU
CAN GUESS WHAT'S
BENEATH CARD NUMBER ONE!
NO! NOT A TRAP CARD!
YOU KEPT YOUR MONSTERS
IN ATTACK MODE
ON PURPOSE, DIDN'T YOU?!
ON THE NOSEY!
AND BECAUSE
YOU FELL FOR IT,
YOU WENT FOR THE KILL.
IT'S TIME TO PAY!
ACTIVATE
MAGIC ARM SHIELD!
MY INSECT SOLDIERS
OF THE SKY!
MY MAGIC ARM SHIELD
LETS ME DEFEND MYSELF
AGAINST YOUR ATTACK
BY USING ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS
TO DEFLECT THE BLOW!
AAH!
NOW, WHOSE POINTS
ARE HISTORY?
WHAT STRATEGY!
JOEY JUST SLIPPED
THROUGH WEEVIL'S TRAPS
FOR THE SECOND TIME.
Thinking: I KNEW
YOU WOULD, BIG BROTHER.
YOU MAY HAVE BLOCKED
ONE ATTACK,
BUT YOU'RE JUST
PROLONGING YOUR DEFEAT!
UGH! I CAN'T
STAND HIM!
JOEY WILL SHUT HIM UP
AS SOON AS HE DESTROYS
THAT INSECT QUEEN!
WHAT'S THE MATTER,
WHEELER?
DID YOUR FLEA-SIZED BRAIN
RUN OUT OF IDEAS ALREADY?
THERE'S NO WAY OUT!
AS MY QUEEN GETS STRONGER,
SHE'LL CONTINUE TO LAY EGGS
THAT'LL HATCH INTO A SWARM
OF INSECT WARRIORS!
AND AS IF THAT
WASN'T ENOUGH
TO ENSURE MY VICTORY
IN THIS DUEL, WHEELER,
THANKS TO MY
INSECT BARRIER,
YOU STILL CAN'T ATTACK!
[SIGHS]
DON'T COUNT
YOUR EGGS YET.
TO PROTECT
MY LIFE POINTS,
I'LL PUT BOTH MY MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE.
[CHUCKLING]
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE'S
RUNNING OUT OF OPTIONS,
BUT RELAX...
I PROMISE THAT I'LL
FINISH YOU QUICKLY.
YOU RECOGNIZE THIS?
IT'S COCKROACH KNIGHT
AGAIN!
EAT AND GROW STRONG,
MY QUEEN!
AND NOW,
ATTACK HIS PANTHER WARRIOR!
[SHRIEKS]
[LAUGHS]
ANOTHER ONE BITES THE DUST!
Thinking: OH, MAN.
THE ONLY THING STANDING
IN BETWEEN WEEVIL AND
MY LIFE POINTS
IS THAT PARASITE CARD.
I GOTTA SUMMON ANOTHER MONSTER
IF I WANT TO SQUASH HIM.
BUT, WHATEVER I SUMMON
WILL BECOME INFECTED
BY THE PARASITE
AND FEED HIS INSECT QUEEN.
AND ONCE THOSE EGGS HATCH,
I'M IN REAL TROUBLE!
TIME TO HAND OVER
YOUR TWO LOCATOR CARDS
AND GO HOME, WHEELER!
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
MAYBE BUG BOY'S RIGHT.
I USED UP MY BEST CARDS ALREADY,
AND THAT QUEEN'S WAY TOO STRONG.
HANG IN THERE, JOEY!
WE'RE ALL BEHIND YOU!
Grandpa:
TRUST YOURSELF, JOEY!
TRUST YOUR DECK!
FOCUS, JOEY!
YOU'VE GOTTEN OUT OF TOUGHER
SITUATIONS THAN THIS BEFORE!
AND REMEMBER, SERENITY
LOOKS TO YOU FOR STRENGTH,
SO YOU GOTTA STOMP THIS
TERMITE FOR YOUR SISTER!
HUH?
Thinking:
TRISTAN'S RIGHT!
SERENITY'S NEVER
GIVEN UP ON ME!
WHEN I DUELED THAT
PSYCHIC FRAUD, ESPA ROBA,
AND THE ODDS WERE
AGAINST ME, SHE NEVER
STOPPED BELIEVING IN ME.
SO I'M NOT ABOUT
TO LET MY SISTER DOWN
BY LETTING
THIS BUG-EYED FREAK
GET THE BEST OF ME.
PLUS, THE WHOLE GANG'S
ROOTING FOR ME,
AND WITH MY FRIENDS
BEHIND ME,
THERE'S NO WAY I CAN LOSE!
THAT'S RIGHT!
DON'T QUIT ON US NOW!
'CAUSE WE BELIEVE
IN YOU!
HEY, WHAT'S HAPPENING?
JOEY'S
IN A TIGHT SPOT,
AND HE NEEDS
ALL THE STRENGTH
WE CAN GIVE HIM.
WE GOT TO KEEP
CHEERING, SERENITY.
ARE YOU WITH ME?
MM-HMM.
Both: JOEY! JOEY!
GO! YOU CAN
DO IT, JOEY!
DON'T LET THAT LITTLE BUG
PUSH YOU AROUND!
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF,
JOEY.
Weevil: JUST GIVE UP,
WHEELER! IT'S OVER!
JOEY WHEELER
DOESN'T QUIT.
MAYBE YOU'D UNDERSTAND
IF YOU HAD FRIENDS.
COME ON!
Thinking:
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
HEH, LOOKS LIKE THINGS
ARE STARTING TO TURN AROUND.
YOU'RE FINISHED.
YOU KNOW
PARASITE PARACIDE
WILL INFECT ANY MONSTER
THAT YOU SUMMON.
I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN,
THEN SUMMON...
GEARFRIED
THE IRON KNIGHT!
YOU FOOL!
ONCE YOUR KNIGHT
HAS BEEN INFECTED
BY MY PARASITE CARD,
HE'LL JUST BE
ANOTHER SNACK FOR
MY RAVENOUS QUEEN!
Joey: DON'T BE SO SURE
ABOUT THAT, WEEVIL.
SOME CARDS ARE BUG-PROOF!
WHAT'S WRONG?
WHY CAN'T THE PARASITE
FEED ON IT?
HE'S GEARFRIED,
THE IRON KNIGHT!
AND THAT SLIMY
PARASITE'S HELPLESS
AGAINST
HIS METAL ARMOR.
HOW'D YOU
FIGURE THAT OUT?!
HE DID HIS
HOMEWORK, WEEVIL!
YOU SHOULD HAVE KNOWN
THAT PARASITE PARACIDE
WASN'T ABLE TO FEED
OFF OF METAL.
AND YOU
CALL YOURSELF
AN EXPERT
INSECT DUELIST?!
AWESOME! THAT MEANS THE
KNIGHT CAN SMASH
THROUGH THE INSECT
BARRIER AND ATTACK!
AND I GOT A PERFECT PLAN
TO WIPE OUT
YOUR INSECT QUEEN, WEEVIL!
AND MY PLAN STARTS
WITH THOSE EGGS!
NO!
GEARFRIED
THE IRON KNIGHT,
ATTACK
HIS QUEEN'S EGGS...
AND...
LOWER HER ATTACK POWER!
[GROANING]
THAT'S IT! NEXT TURN,
YOU'RE BUG FOOD!
OH, YEAH!
ALL RIGHT!
JOEY REMEMBERED
HER WEAKNESS.
THE QUEEN NEEDS HER EGGS
TO KEEP HER
ATTACK POINTS HIGH.
IF THEY'RE DESTROYED,
SHE GETS WEAKER!
EVERY TIME THE INSECT QUEEN
CHOWS AN OPPONENT'S MONSTER,
SHE BOOSTS HER ATTACK POINTS
AND SHE LAYS ANOTHER EGG!
BUT UNTIL THEY HATCH,
THOSE EGGS ARE DEFENSELESS!
AND NOW THAT
YOUR INSECT BARRIER
CAN'T STOP MY ATTACKS,
I'M FREE
TO WIPE THEM OUT!
SO TELL ME, WEEVIL,
DOES INSECT QUEEN
LIKE HER EGGS POACHED
OR SUNNYSIDE UP?
GRR! ENJOY THIS
WHILE IT LASTS,
'CAUSE AFTER MY TURN,
I'LL BE ONE DUEL CLOSER
TO THE BATTLE CITY
FINALS!
[GROWLS]
NO ONE GETS AWAY
WITH DISRESPECTING
MY QUEEN LIKE THAT!
PREPARE TO BE PULVERIZED,
AS I POWER-UP
MY MIGHTY INSECT QUEEN
WITH EVEN MORE ATTACK POINTS!
FIRST OFF,
I WILL SUMMON SOLDIER ANT,
THEN ACTIVATE
THE MAGIC CARD,
ANT REPRODUCTION!
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
WATCH THEM MULTIPLY
INTO AN ANT COLONY!
WHAT NOW?
I'LL EXPLAIN... THIS CARD
TAKES ONE SOLDIER ANT
AND TURNS IT
INTO AN ARMY OF 10 ANTS
FOR THE LENGTH OF MY TURN.
I BET YOU KNOW WHAT'S NEXT.
RIGHT, WHEELER?
QUEENY'S GONNA ABSORB
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF EACH ONE
AND THEN
GET EVEN STRONGER!
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND NOW THAT
MY MIGHTY QUEEN'S
DONE POWERING-UP,
IT'S THE END
OF JOEY WHEELER
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
NO!
AAH!
UH-OH! IF WEEVIL
DESTROYS JOEY'S KNIGHT,
THIS DUEL'S OVER.
GOOD-BYE, WHEELER.
AND NOW, MY LOVELY QUEEN,
DESTROY HIS SCRAP HEAP
OF A KNIGHT
AND WHAT'S LEFT
OF HIS LIFE POINTS!
YOU CAN DO IT, JOEY!
COME ON!
UGH!
YOU GRUB! I WAS HOPING
YOU WOULD ATTACK ME.
YOU WERE?
ALL PART OF MY PLAN.
ACTIVATE THE TRAP CARD!
GRAVEROBBER!
NOT GRAVEROBBER!
YUP. IT CAN TAKE A CARD
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD
AND USE IT AGAINST YOU.
AND HE JUST NABBED
YOUR CAN OF AEROSOL!
TIME TO EXTERMINATE
YOUR QUEEN!
[SHRIEKING]
YEAH!
THERE GOES
MY PEST PROBLEM!
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
TO MY QUEEN?!
BUT, WAIT! I'M NOT
THROUGH WITH YOU YET,
WEEVIL UNDERPANTS!
GEARFRIED,
DESTROY HIS LAST EGG
AND THE REST OF HIS
LIFE POINTS!
AAH!
WELCOME TO
LOSERVILLE, WEEVIL...
POPULATION... YOU!
UH, I... I LOST?
I DON'T BELIEVE IT!
[MOANS]
ALL RIGHT!
YOU SURE SHOWED
THAT LITTLE SNEAK!
WAY TO GO!
ALL RIGHT, WEEVIL.
COUGH 'EM UP...
YOUR INSECT QUEEN AND
TWO LOCATOR CARDS!
HAVE MERCY.
MERCY? NO WAY!
YOU SHOULD'VE THOUGHT
OF THAT BEFORE YOU
DECIDED TO CHEAT.
NOW, JUST LIKE
AT DUELIST KINGDOM,
YOU'RE OUT
OF THE TOURNAMENT!
AAH! UHH!
Kenta: IT'S OVER!
HE WON! JOEY KICKED
WEEVIL'S BUGGY BUTT!
HE ALMOST LOST
A ZILLION TIMES,
BUT HE NEVER
GAVE UP.
[LAUGHS]
SERENITY?
I'M THROUGH
RUNNING AWAY!
HUH?
I'M NOT AFRAID ANYMORE!
I KNOW I CAN
FACE ANYTHING,
AS LONG AS I HAVE
FRIENDS LIKE YOU.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND THEN WHO KNOWS?
MAYBE SOMEDAY
I COULD BECOME
A TOP-RANKED DUELIST
JUST LIKE
YOUR BROTHER!
THEN ALL MY FRIENDS CAN
COME AND CHEER ME ON!
[LAUGHS]
I'LL CHEER
THE LOUDEST.
SO, CAN YOU GET ME
JOEY'S AUTOGRAPH?
WOW! WHAT A DUEL!
I CAN'T BELIEVE WHEELER
PULLED IT OFF!
HE WASN'T SECOND
AT DUELIST KINGDOM
FOR NOTHING!
Yugi, thinking: AWESOME!
JOEY'S ALMOST MADE IT
TO THE FINALS!
AND HE DID IT
ALL WITHOUT HIS RED EYES.
I KNOW IT'S MY DESTINY
TO HELP YAMI SAVE THE WORLD,
AND I GET THE FEELING
JOEY'S RED EYES
IS GONNA HELP ME DO IT.
IT WON'T BE EASY,
ESPECIALLY WITH MARIK'S
RARE HUNTERS OUT THERE
LOOKING FOR ME.
BUT, I'LL BE READY!
Marik, voice-over:
THE TIME IS GROWING CLOSE,
MY MIND-SLAVE.
SOON, WE'LL DESTROY
YUGI TOGETHER!
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH IS
KING OF GAMES ♪♪